Mr. Zhou, you are here. Sit, sit, sit.
Where should I sit? What do I want?
I think your Ye family has fallen on hard times.
Mr. Zhou smiled. Remember you helped us solve our own problems
I must smell it quickly
What can't be said. Help me you guys.
Yes, Mr. Zhou, please stop pretending.
If you hadn't used guanxi
How is it possible that this review will give me my money back?
I haven't done anything yet
I thought it was just for fun, but then the Ye family became ill and now I am helping?
This one is like this
That's what I'm here for
Ye Qingyuan will definitely be placed on my bed
What about after you come back to the Ye family?
It was my parents who did not do well before.
Today you are also doing it for the Ye family, right?
There is still soup in the room when I leave.